Script Outline.md, before:

# Destinys Reminder
useful copypastes:
\"x\" 
{i}x{/i}
$ x = x

## Outline 

### Day 1: Morning with Gabriel, Work, trying to figure out what it is, accident with matt, dinner with gabriel, figuring out what is going on, 
- Dream 1:
   - ominous girl telling her she has to listen to her she knows whats going to happen and that he's after her
   - destiny comments on how weird the dream was after she gets up
- That stain is stayin. 
   - spill coffee on shirt cause gabe
   - leaves for work 
- Under his watch.
   - matt survails her creepy so she figures it must refer to him ( its not him but Person X from the office she doesnt know tho)
   - googles for answers finds none 
   - There is a report around the office of a girl that just quit and isnt around anymore
- This food is flipping good. 
   - asked by matt to get lunch, 
   - they talk about how he she could fill the spot of the girl that just left in the other team (person X is in it) 
   - he tells her to print out an application so she can take the position
   - spills food on him 
- Jam on! 
   - tries to print application jams the printer, person X notices and asks if she needs help
   - choice to say yes and fix it with him or not 
   - if yes she talks with person X who is very nice and asks alot of questions
   - if no she just decides to leave to do it tomorrow
- Comforting stroll. 
   - goes for a walk with gabe asks about achievements sneakily  
 
### Day 2: Planning with achievements, one unsettling achievement, finish project, run to print it, get stalked 
- Dream 2:
   - same girl telling her she's being watched and that she didnt want to leave but that she can help her now
   - destiny gets a bit more concerned about it this time since it was the same voice as last time but whenever she wakes up she cant quite remember who it was and starts forgetting what she even said throughout the day
- Stick the landing
   - finishes her project has to print it and bring to post 
   - decides she can just print the application if she hasnt already
- We meet again old foe
   – has to print again either successful or not depending on if you fixed it or not 
   - if yes she runs into Matt (foe) on the way out and gets caught up in a conversation about the girl that just quit but gets saved by gabriel and invites him over for dinner since she saw the achievement.
   - if not then she has to get person Xs help to fix the printer that's still broken (foe) doesn't invite gabriel
- Running, my new hobby! 
   - Has to run after the cat that has her prints (get to name it) / Has to hurry home to meet gabe
- Dinner for two 
   - Either cat or gabriel
- Knock knock/Don’t let him in (glitchy) 
   – someone knocks at her door but noone is visible from the doorspy
   - If alone:
   - switches to “don’t" in bold, 
   - get the choice to open the door,
   - if yes then you see noone and she gets freaked out (person x located her home)
   - if no then she just returns still freaked out  (Person x didn't locate her home)
   - goes to sleep unsettled
   - if with gabriel:
   - destiny is busy in the kitchen 
   - gabriel goes to check and sees noone through the door
   - he decides to open the door to check if anyone is there but sees noone and goes back inside (Person x didn't locate her home)

### Day 3:  
- Dream 3: The girl tells her she has to be careful. he's really nice and persuasive and she has to watch out not to fall for his tricks like she did
   - If gabriel was there she gets a bit suspicious of him 
   - if she was alone she gets confused and theorises who she means/ is scred
- Make the right call 
   - she realizes she has to make a call and gets to decide between gabriel and the police if she was alone
   - If she was with gabe she decides to call gabe 
- Restart
   - once she gets to the office she starts talking with simon about the work she should be doing and the office space she gets for it. He tells her she can have kai's old place and should make herself at home. she finds some ominous notes tucked away
- Ignorance is bliss (was)
   - Matthew brings up that kai has gone missing. that they dont have much information so they are asking around the office if anyone knows anything
- Hands up everyone
   - there is a "party" at the office and everyone chats. someone makes a toast and if she called the police she gets a call from the police. that they saw a suspicious individual roaming around her appartment building.
- Where is waldo?
   - if she opened the door and did not call the police the cat has gone missing. showing someone was in her appartment
   - if she called the police or gabe was there her phone goes missing for a while but simon "Finds" it

### Day 4:  

### Day 5: 


## Characters

- Destiny Sullivan: 
   - works at a grafics design company
   - is messy and forgetful
   - lives alone in an appartment
   - Work starts at 8:30
   - her bus leaves at 8:00
- Gabriel Anderson: 
   - friend of destiny
   - works at the same company but in a different team
   - very friendly and aloof
- Matt: 
   - Person in charge of destinys current team or just employees in general
   - very strict
   - generally disliked
- Person X:
   - 
- The Girl:
- The Dog (gets a name)

## Backgrounds/Scenes

- Blackspace: Literally just black  
- Destinys bedroom window: Higher up in an appartment complex overlooking the city, plantsinfront of the window right next to her bed 
- Destinys kitchen (seen from her room): 
- Destinys kitchen (looking towards her room): 
- D’s Corridor: 
- D’s Bathroom: 
- D's Office:
- D's Computer:
- Lunchroom:

## Possible choices (Relevant to text progression)
- fix_printer y/n
- tell gabe about seeing a screen y/n
- Choose what to say to matt (if you see him) 0 none/1 nausia/2 tissues
- dinner_plans y/n
- Name dog (enter a name)
- open_door y/n
- call_police y/n

Commit message:

update script edit gabe convo and start with achievement checking

Script Outline.md, after:

# Destinys Reminder
useful copypastes:
\"x\" 
{i}x{/i}
$ x = x

## Outline 

### Day 1: Morning with Gabriel, Work, trying to figure out what it is, accident with matt, dinner with gabriel, figuring out what is going on, 
- Dream 1:
   - ominous girl telling her she has to listen to her she knows whats going to happen and that he's after her
   - destiny comments on how weird the dream was after she gets up
- That stain is stayin. 
   - spill coffee on shirt cause gabe
   - leaves for work 
- Under his watch.
   - matt survails her creepy so she figures it must refer to him ( its not him but Person X from the office she doesnt know tho)
   - googles for answers finds none 
   - There is a report around the office of a girl that just quit and isnt around anymore
- This food is flipping good. 
   - asked by matt to get lunch, 
   - they talk about how he she could fill the spot of the girl that just left in the other team (person X is in it) 
   - he tells her to print out an application so she can take the position
   - spills food on him 
- Jam on! 
   - tries to print application jams the printer, person X notices and asks if she needs help
   - choice to say yes and fix it with him or not 
   - if yes she talks with person X who is very nice and asks alot of questions
   - if no she just decides to leave to do it tomorrow
- Comforting stroll. 
   - goes for a walk with gabe asks about achievements sneakily  
 
### Day 2: Planning with achievements, one unsettling achievement, finish project, run to print it, get stalked 
- Dream 2:
   - same girl telling her she's being watched and that she didnt want to leave but that she can help her now
   - destiny gets a bit more concerned about it this time since it was the same voice as last time but whenever she wakes up she cant quite remember who it was and starts forgetting what she even said throughout the day
- Stick the landing
   - finishes her project has to print it and bring to post 
   - decides she can just print the application if she hasnt already
- We meet again old foe
   – has to print again either successful or not depending on if you fixed it or not 
   - if yes she runs into Matt (foe) on the way out and gets caught up in a conversation about the girl that just quit but gets saved by gabriel and invites him over for dinner since she saw the achievement.
   - if not then she has to get person Xs help to fix the printer that's still broken (foe) doesn't invite gabriel
- Running, my new hobby! 
   - Has to run after the cat that has her prints (get to name it) / Has to hurry home to meet gabe
- Dinner for two 
   - Either cat or gabriel
- Knock knock/Don’t let him in (glitchy) 
   – someone knocks at her door but noone is visible from the doorspy
   - If alone:
   - switches to “don’t" in bold, 
   - get the choice to open the door,
   - if yes then you see noone and she gets freaked out (person x located her home)
   - if no then she just returns still freaked out  (Person x didn't locate her home)
   - goes to sleep unsettled
   - if with gabriel:
   - destiny is busy in the kitchen 
   - gabriel goes to check and sees noone through the door
   - he decides to open the door to check if anyone is there but sees noone and goes back inside (Person x didn't locate her home)

### Day 3:  
- Dream 3: The girl tells her she has to be careful. he's really nice and persuasive and she has to watch out not to fall for his tricks like she did
   - If gabriel was there she gets a bit suspicious of him 
   - if she was alone she gets confused and theorises who she means/ is scred
- Make the right call 
   - she realizes she has to make a call and gets to decide between gabriel and the police if she was alone
   - If she was with gabe she decides to call gabe 
   - if she was alone and calls gabe he offers to be around more
   - if she calls the police she finds out about the missing person near her
- Restart
   - once she gets to the office she starts talking with simon about the work she should be doing and the office space she gets for it. He tells her she can have kai's old place and should make herself at home. she finds some ominous notes tucked away
- Ignorance is bliss (was)
   - Matthew brings up that kai has gone missing. that they dont have much information so they are asking around the office if anyone knows anything
- Hands up everyone
   - there is a "party" at the office and everyone chats. someone makes a toast and if she called the police she gets a call from the police. that they saw a suspicious individual roaming around her appartment building.
- Where is waldo?
   - if she opened the door and did not call the police the cat has gone missing. showing someone was in her appartment
   - if she called the police or gabe was there her phone goes missing for a while but simon "Finds" it

### Day 4:  

### Day 5: 


## Characters

- Destiny Sullivan: 
   - works at a grafics design company
   - is messy and forgetful
   - lives alone in an appartment
   - Work starts at 8:30
   - her bus leaves at 8:00
- Gabriel Anderson: 
   - friend of destiny
   - works at the same company but in a different team
   - very friendly and aloof
- Matt: 
   - Person in charge of destinys current team or just employees in general
   - very strict
   - generally disliked
- Person X:
   - 
- The Girl:
- The Dog (gets a name)

## Backgrounds/Scenes

- Blackspace: Literally just black  
- Destinys bedroom window: Higher up in an appartment complex overlooking the city, plantsinfront of the window right next to her bed 
- Destinys kitchen (seen from her room): 
- Destinys kitchen (looking towards her room): 
- D’s Corridor: 
- D’s Bathroom: 
- D's Office:
- D's Computer:
- Lunchroom:

## Possible choices (Relevant to text progression)
- fix_printer y/n
- tell gabe about seeing a screen y/n
- Choose what to say to matt (if you see him) 0 none/1 nausia/2 tissues
- dinner_plans y/n
- Name dog (enter a name)
- open_door y/n
- call_police y/n
